Once upon a time, there lived a curmugeonly character known as Poor Henry Pritchard. Poor Henry Pritchard was so poor because he only talked to servers, and while they were quite interesting he always wanted to talk to clients too. All Poor Henry's friends like John Script, Ruby and Reginald Rails, and a large Indoneisan known simply for their island of origin, Java, were getting much more attention than Poor Henry. Determined to regain his popularity Poor Henry set off on a quest to find the Book of Many Faces and share it with the people! 


Poor Henry Pritchard knew this was not going to be an easy quest. The Book of Many Faces haven't been seen for many years by no one in
Programhill. Poor Henry knew he would need some help, so the first thing he did was an algolist -  which was going to help
him to organized things he needed to accomplish before his journey begins. The first three things on the algolist were: Find brave friends, SQL(some quality lunch), and defensive weapons. 

Poor Henry went down to his local pub, The Footer, to find some companions for his journey. Luckily, his good friend and partner in crime Colonel Severus Snape was there with his magic stylus. Sitting with the Colonel was Harold T.M. Lightfoot, a fellow they met in the early 1990's. Lastly, they grabbed DJ JazzyScript, who really  was just there to make them look cool. The crew was assembled. Now, it was time to begin their journey to defeat Roger Buggington and all his heirs.

At first light the crew set off towards Roger's castle in the Valley of Silicon. Meanwhile, at Roger's castle, Roger and his heirs were also preparing for a journey. Poor Henry and his crew approached from the North just as Roger and his heirs had hoped. The battle would play out in the open field. Suddenly, a flash of light and a loud crack stopped everyone in their tracks. Slowly decending from the sky was a mysterious figure cloaked in blue. The figure landed directly between the two crews and commanded they stop the fight.
"We haven't even started fighting!" complained Roger. 

"Don't argue with me, Roger" said the figure. At that point both crews couldn't figure out who or what was that figure cloaked in blue. Slowly the light started to go away and they were able to see it clearly. It was the famous known Pythonelly. One of the oldest wizard ever knew. Pythonelly came to them in order to to give a message. Pythonelly looked at Poor Henry and said " Poor Henry, you have a biggest quest than just fighting this fools". Roger rolled his eyes, while Pythonelly continue talking, "You have to keep your journey and find the Book of Many Faces. This books will bring knowledge and recognognition. Instead of finding, get this people to help you! I come with tree gifts, that will help you to get achieve your quest faster!"
The three gifts were:     

The cloak of attributes, the wand of methods and the class stone. If you use them wisely, you will find success and glory. Should you work in haste, you shall fail and all your hard work will have been for nothing!

Before both crews could receive the gifts a group of 4 approached out of nowhere and proposed a deal. They identified themselves as the Peverell brothers and their God known only as Rowling. Rowling said they were the rightful owners of said gifts but offered to give Poor Henry Pritchard the Book of Many Faces in exchange for the return of the gifts. 
